[DOCS] Alerts now shown in process tree (#2309)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/visual-event-analyzer.asciidoc

* The `process-pid`
* The user name and domain that ran the process
* Any other relevant process information
* Any associated alerts
+
preview::[]
+

> NOTE: This feature requires a Platinum license, and you must add the `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file.

Reviewer: A few things here for clarification: 
- I think we need to specify which feature requires the platinum license, aka the "this feature". 
- I made this one pretty much identical to Joe's comment below. 
- Making sure you meant to put this twice in the doc. 
```suggestion
NOTE: This feature requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum license]. In addition, to display it in {elastic-sec}, you must add the following feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file: `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` .
```

Author: @kqualters-elastic @michaelolo24 is there an official feature name for this? Otherwise, I was thinking about referring to it as "the ability to expose alerts in the event analyzer" or "the functionality that shows alerts in the process tree". Here's an example:

 

> NOTE: The functionality that shows alerts in the process tree requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum license]. In addition, to display it in {elastic-sec}, you must add the following feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file: `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` .

Author: @kqualters-elastic and I came up with the following way of describing/naming this feature in the docs:

> NOTE: Displaying alerts in the process tree requires a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum license].

@paulewing does this work or would you prefer that it be described in a different way?

Author: @jmikell821 to answer your last question, I was thinking about removing the first instance of the tech preview tag and this note. The info is provided later and is more relevant to the section it was added to than this list.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/event-type.png[]

When you select an `event.category` pill, all the events within that category are listed in the left panel. To display more details about a specific event, select it from the list.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/event-details.png[]

NOTE: In {stack} versions 7.10.0 and newer, there is no limit to the number of events that can be associated with a process. However, in {stack} versions 7.9.0 and earlier, each process is limited to only 100 events.

> To examine alerts on the process, select the pill that shows the total number of alerts associated with it (*_x_ alerts*). You can then click on an alert in the left pane to display its details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To examine alerts on the process, select the pill that shows the total number of alerts associated with it (*_x_ alert*). You can then click on an alert in the left pane to display its details.
```

nit: I changed this from plural to singular to be consistent with the other event types

> In the example screenshot below, five alerts were generated against the analyzed event (`lsass.exe`). The left pane displays the associated alerts and basic information about each one.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the example screenshot below, five alerts were generated by the analyzed event (`lsass.exe`). The left pane displays the associated alerts and basic information about each one.
```

preview::[]

> NOTE: This is a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription] feature. In addition, to display it in {elastic-security} you must add the `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']` feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file.

Reviewer 4: Attribute correx. Also I think it's more readable to include long code references at the end of a sentence, instead of breaking up the flow in the middle:
```suggestion
NOTE: This is a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription] feature. In addition, to display it in {elastic-sec} you must add the following feature flag to the `kibana.yml` file: `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental: ['insightsRelatedAlertsByProcessAncestry']`
```
